Song Tianbao, if you have any rowing, come to me
What are you capable of bullying a woman?
Chen Zhenang, long time no see?
It's okay, I'm waiting for you to come
Rely on Xiaoyun
Of course I didn't do anything to him
He understands well
Gao Xiaoyun, if you don't confess again
I'm going to shoot the second one
Gao Xiaoyun is innocent
Sun Zhenbao, you are so spirited that we confess
There is something wrong with you, I'm afraid.
What you just said
Maybe all of them don't stand up.
I'm afraid there is another truth
Nonsense
As the lord of a city
Be responsible to the entire people of Jinghai
How can there be a ghost in my heart?
Xiaofan's identity is in doubt, let's not talk about it
Just based on your immortal Song Changzhu just now
You can be sentenced to death
Gao Xiaoyun
I'll see when you're going to be stubborn
Good seedlings
I can assert
This sword must make ten rings
Oh, I'll go.
Okay, reach out, kid.
The identity of your ordinary bodyguard
Is it self-defeating?
Ah!
I just didn't want to resist
But now there is no need for this forbearance
Who the hell are you?
How can you open the torture tool with your bare hands?
Miss Gao, don't be suspicious
I'm just your bodyguard
hide your head and show your tail
There must be a conspiracy
Or let me beat you to pieces
Let's interrogate you again